PYTHON-5253 Automated Spec Test Sync (#2409)
mongodb/mongo-python-driver: CONTRIBUTING.md

new feature in PyMongo that has spec tests already implemented, or if
you are attempting to validate new spec tests in PyMongo.

> ### Automated Specification Test Resyncing

Reviewer: This section should focus more on the process and what this automated syncing does, rather than the literal sequence of scripts and operations it performs.

`/.evergreen/scripts/resync-all-specs.sh` is a script that will
automatically run once a week. This script calls a python script
`.evergreen/scripts/resync-all-specs.py` that actually does all
the resyncing. Then, any desired un-syncing will be accomplished
with the help of patch files through a `git apply -R`. If
appropriate, the bash script then calls
`.evergreen/scripts/create-pr.sh` that actually publishes a PR.

> There are three patch files that contain test differences between
> pymongo tests and the specs
> `.evergreen/patch/diff.patch`: These contain tests that we know we
> differ in and do not plan to fix. (This is likely an instance of the
> Python driver having a different behaviour.)
> `.evergreen/patch/new.patch`: This is for newly added test files that
> we fail.
> `.evergreen/patch/update.patch`: This is for test changes that were
> updated and now fail. In this case, we want to keep the old passing
> version, add the diff to this patch file, and open
> a new ticket to unskip these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three patch files that contain known test differences between
PyMongo's tests and the specification:
`.evergreen/patch/diff.patch`: tests where 
PyMongo intentionally behaves differently than the specification. This file should rarely be modified, as most of these represent fundamental differences in design or behavior.
`.evergreen/patch/new.patch`: tests for new features that have not yet been implemented in PyMongo. Tests must be removed from this file as part of the PR that implements their feature. 
`.evergreen/patch/update.patch`: tests that have been updated in a way that causes them to fail until their associated driver change is implemented. Tests must be removed from this file as part of the PR that implements the fix or behavioral change.
```

Generally we want our documentation to be clear and declarative so that someone reading it knows exactly why and how the process behaves.

#### Adding to a patch file

> Assuming the changes are committed somewhere, to add to any of the

Reviewer: It's a little unclear what this is saying. Can you provide a small example of what this should look like?

new feature in PyMongo that has spec tests already implemented, or if
you are attempting to validate new spec tests in PyMongo.

### Automated Specification Test Resyncing
There is a script (`/.evergreen/scripts/resync-all-specs.sh`) that will
automatically run once a week to resync all the specs with the [specifications

> repo](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications).

Author: i didn't know that! thanks for pointing it out! fixed!

If any errors occurred, the PR description will display the name of the spec along
with stderr from the `bash resync-spec.sh <spec>` command.

Naturally, there will be spec tests that will fail if merged since the associated fix
or behavioral change has not been implemented yet. For existing tests that have been
modified, we will add these changes to a patch file (in `/.evergreen/patch`). Each patch
file will be named after a PYTHON ticket and the contents of the file will be the associated
test differences between PyMongo's tests and the specification.
To be clear, changes listed in these patch files will be *undone* by the script, and thus won't
be added to pymongo.

In the case that a new test is added to the spec repo (i.e., a whole new file or folder in the spec repo),
and the associated work isn't implemented yet, we will add the test's path to
`.evergreen/remove-unimplemented-tests.sh` along with a comment indicating the associated PYTHON ticket.

These patch files and/or unimplemented paths must be removed as part of the PR that implements
the fix or behavioral change.

#### Adding to a patch file
Assuming the changes are committed somewhere, to add to any of the

> patch files, run `git diff` to show the desired changes and paste the

Reviewer 2: I think this section needs to be updated
